so one and a half inches taller than me
but that's not why he stands so tall in
the world of basketball of course or
bearish thank you so much for talking to
NDTV
and I'll let you have this for starts
let's start talking about your you know
your career it's it's been an incredible
career you're one of the 50 greatest
players of the NBA you played the most
number of consecutive seasons you have a
record for the most number of NBA games
now of course with you eventually you
start playing with the Golden State
Warriors but then your your best friend
came with the Celtics yeah where you
played with the likes of Kevin McHale
and the I refer known as one of the
first four utility of basketball really
talk to us about that partnership you
said it felt special on certain nights
it just felt like it was meant to be
that's when my career really took off
it's and skyrocketed when I got traded
to the the Boston Celtics in 1980 I knew
there was something special there just
by training camp right you know by the
attitude and and the way everybody
approached practices and also they are
the head coaches I'm very driven he's
very focused and I think he pass that on
to us you know he had a championship in
mind and the mindset you know we have
the old ingredients and all the tools to
win the championship and he pants that
that mindset onto us and for whatever
reasons everything that's kind of
filling in place we were very lucky we
didn't get hurt with having injuries
everybody stayed healthy and and we had
a one nice run for that 8081 season that
was the first championship right for me
and and and that's that you of course
went on to get three mourning again your
your jersey number double zero first of
all I want to know where that comes from
that started in junior high school
believe it or not there was the only
Jersey left when he was handed out
jerseys and since I was there
on the team by the time I got the last
Jersey when Lance dudes just happen to
be doing will be like and you played
with another double number none double
three Larry Bird a person both of your
jerseys were retired now now the other
thing is with you also live the Chicago
Bulls and you also won a championship
with them at the age of 43 are my Adele
yes
he had the pleasure of playing with
Michael Jordan how did that go oh it
went very well I like the fact that
Michael was was a great leader he was a
very fierce competitor he really likes
the competition of the game he was a
hard worker he led by example and that's
where we were when I with the Boston
Celtics you know he wasn't the type of
raw raw type players we live by example
we never play speed foot for everything
what's what's next for you now you're
working over here with with the NBA you
here to promote basketball as well but
we're we're cricket obsessed nation why
bring basketball to India well I think
India already has a taste for basketball
I've been told that our basketball is
it's played here in the metro area but
by the boys and girls and and also you
don't need a lot of equipment to play
basketball all you need is a ball and
hope right and and you don't need a lot
of room you know you can play basketball
in Louisville efforts started off I had
a bicycle rim did I use that as a hoop
and in a bowl to play basketball with so
would you say that the filming the first
Chinese player in NBA history is is a
product talk it might as well hand it to
move it do you suppose that Yami would
be is a product of NBA popularity or I
mean no growth event is that proof of
growth of India in China or you suppose
that it's because of the arming that
that China has gotten to where it is as
far as possible especially I think China
was on his way in terms of notoriety
because of the national team right but I
think yeah I mean helped made China are
even bigger names because because he is
such a big star and
and and so and now that the NBA is on
global players like Yao Ming and other
international players like Dirk Nowitzki
Ginobili those type players help bring
more attention to the game of basketball
and what do you think India needs or do
you think India needs of the owning of
its own to perhaps take the game you
know to another level to make it big it
would help to have a name player up that
in the India could identify with and I
think they were don't add to the to they
are to the popularity and that's another
reason why it's important to to bring
basketball to India so they can have
their own sports hero in basketball